⚪ Using the Turing Machine simulator:

 ⚪ Code launches through the command line, which in total
    takes 3 separate arguments:
    
    Argument 1: input file name with .txt prefix on the end.
                (see further for how to create a custom input file);
    
    Argument 2: number of cycles before program promt if to continue
                or kill the machine. If the arg is '0' or there is no
                argument at all, default cycle number is set to 2500.
                (this function is a placeholder for a function, that
                kills the machine with keyboard input, if, for example
                machine enters an endless loop ⚠️),
                
    Argument 3: if the argument is anything but '0', machine will work
                in slow mode of 250ms per action. (this function is 
                made to see easier how the machine performs actions,
                which are visualized on the console).
                
⚪ Understanding the input file:

 ⚪ First line: machine 'tape' containing of numbers and/or letters
 ⚪ Line afterwards: initial position of the 'tape head' (counting from
     left to right)
 ⚪ Instruction tape (5 elements per line, unlimited line count):
     
     First element: indicates to which machine state further commands
                    apply to;
                    
     Second element: indicates to which symbol further commands apply to;
     
     (If previous instructions are true, then commands below are performed)
     Third element: indicates to which symbol current symbol should be
                    over-written to;
      
     Fourth element: indicates to which direction (left or right) should
                     the machine 'tape head' move before performing another
                     cycle,
                     
     Fifth element: indicates to which machine state current state should
                    be over-written to.

 💭 There are four input files provided with the code. They are fully working
     and return different outputs. Any of those can be used to refer to the
     input file instructions above.
     
⚠️ These instructions do not fully explain how the Turing machine works,
    rather the operation of simulator only.             
